David Schaich (he): All right, we'll
David Schaich (he): get things under way, just briefly.
David Schaich (he): Using
David Schaich (he): Google Colab as a
David Schaich (he): hack to put the
David Schaich (he): attendance code for today up on the screen.
David Schaich (he): It is
David Schaich (he): 7 2 4 1 1 4.
David Schaich (he): So, there that is. And we've talked through all of the topics in the computer project,
David Schaich (he): so this is just a chance to push toward wrapping it up before
David Schaich (he): today's deadline --- and to ask any questions while
David Schaich (he): we're all here, either in person or remotely. I'll take a pass around to see
David Schaich (he): how you're doing to get started. But before I pause the recording to do that, just one call for
David Schaich (he): any general questions.
David Schaich (he): I did get an email asking about the best ways to
David Schaich (he): upload the answers in addition to the code and put some ideas for that onto the Discussion Board
David Schaich (he): on canvas. So short. Answer is.
David Schaich (he): whatever works for you to produce. A file to upload will work for me as well.
David Schaich (he): So, as I was
David Schaich (he): saying, just a bit ago, I'll be heading off to my office hours. Now I think
David Schaich (he): this room remains empty. If you want to stay here. i'm just going to
David Schaich (he): make this the shortest recording I've ever done in case one
David Schaich (he): needs to look up that attendance code later in today. So
David Schaich (he): good luck wrapping things up with that project and then moving on to the homework for the coming week.